dx-restructured mobilepay redirect (#310)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/mobile-pay/redirect.md

![mobilepay approve payment][mobilepay-screenshot-2]

{% include alert.html type="success" icon="link" body="**Defining
`callbackUrl`**: When implementing a scenario, it is strongly recommended to set
a `callbackUrl` in the `POST` request. If `callbackUrl` is set, Swedbank Pay
will send a `POST` request to this URL when the consumer has fulfilled the
payment." %}

## Step 1: Create a Purchase

When the payer starts the purchase process, you make a `POST` request towards
Swedbank Pay with the collected Purchase information. This will generate a

> payment object with a unique `paymentID`. See the `POST`request example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
payment with a unique `id`. See the `POST`request example below.
```

}
```

## Step 2: Get the transaction status

Finally you need to make a `GET` request towards Swedbank Pay with the

> `paymentID` received in the first step, which will return the purchase result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`id` of the payment received in the first step, which will return the purchase result.
```

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http

> GET /psp/{{ payment_instrument }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/ HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: `payment_instrument` won't have a value here. 

```suggestion
GET /psp/mobilepay/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/ HTTP/1.1
```

| └➔&nbsp;`prices.id`      | `string`     | {% include field-description-id.md resource="prices" %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| └➔&nbsp;`description`    | `string(40)` | A textual description of maximum 40 characters of the purchase.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| └➔&nbsp;`payerReference` | `string`     | The reference to the payer (consumer/end-user) from the merchant system, like e-mail address, mobile number, customer number etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | └➔&nbsp;`userAgent`      | `string`     | The [user agent][user-agent] string of the consumer's browser.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-undefined-references] Found reference to undefined definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5216418)
